Okay one thing I want to point out to
you as I do these code examples what
I'm going to provide you in the
course resources for every module where
applicable I will give you a beginning
and an ending source code and I think
this is important so you can see my
progress as things move along you can go
through and follow out the examples and
sometimes if you miss something very
simple like in this one if you missed
the application.properties setting
it wouldn't mess you up. So this way
you can get the two different
branches and do a compare on them and
see what's different and and you can
also compare it to your code as well so
we have compare tools of that so in
every example wherever possible I try to
give you both of the beginning and
ending and the way I do this, I am using
branches inside of git and you can see
down here inside of IntelliJ I
started off on branch but now I'm
working on a new branch called JPA entities and what I'm going to do is I'm
going to check this in right now into
Git for you and go ahead and Commit
Directory and I'm going to say add a JPA
example and we'll go ahead and commit
and push that and I'm going to be bad
and skip that. Wrong button.
Commit and push and I'm going to say it go ahead
and commit rather than review so I don't
go through that and I'm going to go
ahead and push it up there. I don't have
to do a pull because I am the only one
that has access to that repository. So
I'm using this all for you so that is
now pushed up to github and now we can
see that we have the JPA entities has
been pushed there so a branch master and
that hasn't quite got caught up yet but
now I can click on here
and now this is the ending source code
from that last video that we did on
adding them to the JPA entities so this
way you can do compare and contrast and
get that so when you are following along
be very careful to make sure that you're
on the right branch what I'd like to see
people do is check out the starting one
and then try and go through the coding
exercise because you really do get the
the most benefit out of that but the one
problem that trips up people that are
new with git is not check out and what
happens is by default you get the master
branch so you check out that and you
might not see all the changes if you
forget to switch over to the proper
branch so just one potential gotcha
using github once you get comfortable
using git and it's an old tool like it is
for me you'll be just fine but this way
that I think it's a pretty powerful tool
for you as a student learning spring to
see the beginning and ending source code.